Support installing OSSM Console without a Kiali server present ("lite mode") (#1002)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Integrations/ossm-console.md

weight: 10
---

OpenShift Service Mesh Console (OSSMC) is a dynamic plugin for OpenShift Console based on OpenShift [dynamic plugins](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.21/web_console/dynamic-plugin/dynamic-plugin-overview.html) technology.

> OSSMC lets you [navigate multiple meshes](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) from the OpenShift Console through **Istio control planes** and **Kiali instances** pages — browse every Istio and Kiali instance on the cluster without requiring a Kiali server connected to the plugin. When a Kiali instance is connected and reachable, OSSMC also provides Kiali-powered observability — a dedicated **Service Mesh** navigation category with pages for overview, traffic graph, mesh infrastructure, namespaces, applications, services, workloads, and Istio configuration, plus **Service Mesh** tabs on OpenShift resource detail pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSSMC lets you [navigate multiple meshes](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) from the OpenShift Console through **Istios** and **Kialis** pages — browse every Istio and Kiali instance on the cluster without requiring a Kiali server connected to the plugin. When a Kiali instance is connected and reachable, OSSMC also provides Kiali-powered observability — a dedicated **Service Mesh** navigation category with pages for overview, traffic graph, mesh infrastructure, namespaces, applications, services, workloads, and Istio configuration, plus **Service Mesh** tabs on OpenShift resource detail pages.
```

![OSSMC](/images/documentation/ossmc/05-overview.png)

OSSMC was [first released](https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/introducing-the-openshift-service-mesh-console-a-developer-preview) in September 2022 as a developer preview. It has since been released GA in October 2023.

### Documentation

> * [Navigating Multiple Meshes with OSSMC](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) — **Istio control planes** and **Kiali instances** pages for multi-mesh inventory in the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Navigating Multiple Meshes with OSSMC](/docs/ossmc/navigating-multiple-meshes/) — **Istios** and **Kialis** pages for multi-mesh inventory in the console
```
